EM beta: make adding an app as resource more discoverable (#15752)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackageresourceattribute.md

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

An access package resource attribute is the definition of a property that a user is required to have to be able to access an application.  This structure is included in an [accessPackageResource](../resources/accesspackageresource.md) of a catalog, for an application whose roles are included in an access package in that catalog.  When a user requests the access package, they must supply the value of the attribute, which, if the request is approved, is then written on the user's directory object.  The application can then subsequently [read the attribute of the user](../api/user-get.md).

> If the **attributeDestination** is [accessPackageUserDirectoryAttributeStore](accesspackageuserdirectoryattributestore.md), then the attribute indicated by **attributeName** must be a writable property of the [user](user.md).
>  
> If the **attributeSource** of the attribute is an [accessPackageResourceAttributeQuestion](accesspackageresourceattributequestion.md), then the requestor's supplied value is stored as-provided on the user's directory entry, and made available to the application and other graph clients.

Reviewer: Looks like these are related to Microsoft Graph extensions? (Is it [schema extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/schemaextension?view=graph-rest-1.0), [open extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/opentypeextension?view=graph-rest-1.0), or [extensionProperties](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/extensionproperty?view=graph-rest-1.0)?)

You may also need to provide an example of how "the attribute indicated by attributeName must be a writable property of the user" just so there's an easier mental correlation. Same case for attributeSource. You can provide these scenarios in the respective property descriptions.
```suggestion
If the **attributeDestination** is [accessPackageUserDirectoryAttributeStore](accesspackageuserdirectoryattributestore.md), then the attribute indicated by **attributeName** must be a writable property of the [user](user.md) object.
 
If the **attributeSource** of the attribute is an [accessPackageResourceAttributeQuestion](accesspackageresourceattributequestion.md), then the requestor's supplied value is stored as provided on the user object, and made available to the application and other Microsoft Graph clients.
```

|attributeName|String|The name of the attribute in the end system. If the destination if `accessPackageUserDirectoryAttributeStore`, then a user property such as `jobTitle` or a directory schema extension for the user object type, such as `extension_2b676109c7c74ae2b41549205f1947ed_personalTitle`.|
|attributeSource|[accessPackageResourceAttributeSource](../resources/accesspackageresourceattributesource.md)|Information about how to populate the attribute value when an **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** is being fulfilled, currently a [accessPackageResourceAttributeQuestion](accesspackageresourceattributequestion.md).|
|id|String|Unique identifier for the attribute on the access package resource. Read-only. |
|isEditable|String| Specifies whether or not an existing attribute value can be edited by the requester.|
|isPersistedOnAssignmentRemoval|Boolean| Specifies whether the attribute will remain in the end system after an assignment ends.|

> 

Reviewer: Moved the paragraphs in the API description here
```suggestion

### accessPackageResourceAttribute resource type and extension properties

The **attributeDestination**, **attributeName**, and **attributeSource** properties of an access package resource attribute relate to the [directory extension properties](extensionproperty.md).

If the **attributeDestination** is an [accessPackageUserDirectoryAttributeStore](accesspackageuserdirectoryattributestore.md) object type, then the attribute indicated by **attributeName** must be a writable property of the [user](user.md) object. These writable properties are String types registered as [extension properties](extensionproperty.md) on the target **User** object.

For example, suppose an application requires two user attributes, a user's job title, and their personal title. The values of these attributes could be synchronized to Azure AD from the on-premises Active Directory **jobTitle** and **personalTitle** attributes. Because **personalTitle** is not one of the default properties of the [user](user.md) object, this would require [creating a directory schema extension](../api/application-post-extensionproperty.md) to add the **personalTitle** property to the user object type. When creating a resource request for the application, you can include two access package resource attributes, one for the user property **jobTitle**, and another with the name of the directory schema extension property that was created for the personal title, such as `extension_2b676109c7c74ae2b41549205f1947ed_personalTitle`.

If the **attributeSource** of the attribute is an [accessPackageResourceAttributeQuestion](accesspackageresourceattributequestion.md), then the requestor's supplied value is stored as provided on the user object, and made available to the application and other Microsoft Graph clients.
```

-->
``` json
{
  "attributeDestination": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessPackageUserDirectoryAttributeStore"
  },
  "attributeName": "extension_2b676109c7c74ae2b41549205f1947ed_personalTitle",
  "attributeSource": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.accessPackageResourceAttributeQuestion",
    "question": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.accessPackageQuestion"
    }
  },
  "id": "String (identifier)",

>   "isEditable": true,

Reviewer: This shouldn't be confused with an actual example. So the previous values (the return types) were correct.
